README.md, before:

# Update AWS S3 content from local directory tree #

## Use Case ##
 1. Not using source control.
 2. Storing content on AWS S3 (CDN).
 3. AWS S3 serves a static web site from the content.

## Notes ##
AWS translates paths in the root directory; files in the root implicitly have keys that start with a leading slash.
This program stores each file name (referred to by AWS as a key) with a leading slash, and AWS S3 removes the leading
slash so you get a normal path name.
For example, assuming that the default file name is `index.html`,
`http://domain.com` and `http://domain.com/` are translated to `http://domain.com/index.html`.

For example, the key for a file in a directory called `/blah/ick/yuck.html` would be translated to `blah/ick/yuck.html`.

For each directory, AWS creates a file of the same name, with the suffix `_$folder$`.
If one of those files are deleted, the associated directory becomes unreachable.
These hidden files are ignored by this program; users never see them because they are for AWS S3 internal use only.

## To Build ##

 1. This program requires Java 7 or later.
 1. Either point `JAVA_HOME` to a Java 7 JDK, or point `JAVA7_HOME` to that directory.
 1. Type the following into a bash console:
````
git clone git@github.com:mslinn/awsMirror.git
cd awsMirror
sbt compile start-script
````

 1. Add `awsMirror` and `awsMirror/target` to the `PATH`.

 1. See [my suggestion](https://github.com/typesafehub/xsbt-start-script-plugin/issues/17) on how to improve the generated script

## To Run ##

````
target/start subcommandsGoHere
````

The help message shows all the subcommands:

````
Usage: aws <action>
  Where <action> is one of:
    auth                  provide authentication for an additional AWS account
                          delete - accountName delete authentication for specified AWS account name
                          list   - list authentications
                          modify - accountName modify authentication for specified AWS account name
    create [bucketName]   create specified bucket, or bucket specified in relevent .s3 file
    delete [bucketName]   delete specified bucket, or bucket specified in relevent .s3 file
    download              download directory tree from bucket specified in relevent .s3 file
    empty [bucketName]    empty specified bucket, or bucket specified in relevent .s3 file
    help                  print this message and exit
    link [accountName bucketName]
                          If accountName and bucketName are not specified, display contents of .s3 file in current directory or a parent directory.
                          Otherwise create or modify .s3 file in current directory by setting accountName and bucketName
    sync                  sync directory tree to specified bucket
    upload                upload directory tree to bucket specified in relevent .s3 file
````

The `upload` and `sync` commands continue uploading changed files until you press Control-C or Command-C
(works on Linux, Windows and Mac).

### Run Sequence ###

 1. You first need to run the program with the `auth` option so it can create a file in your home directory called `.aws` to
hold your AWS access key and your AWS secret key for the AWS account you specify.
You can store multiple authentications for each of the AWS accounts that you work with.
````
awsMirror auth yourAccountName
````
The contents of the `.aws` file are in JSON format, and look something like this:
````
[{"awsAccountName":"memyselfi",
  "accessKey":"BLAHBLAH",
  "secretKey":"BLAHBLAHBLAHBLAHBLAHBLAH"}]
````
You can add more AWS accounts by running the same command again.

 2. Designate a directory to be the root of a directory tree that you want mirrored to AWS S3.
    Both of the following steps creates or modifies a file called `.s3` in the current directory.
    The `.s3` file defines the root of a source directory tree, and stores the account and bucket that the source directory
    tree is associated with. It also stores the timestamp of the last sync. Its format is JSON.
    The file looks something like this:
````
{"accountName":"memyselfi","bucketName":"test789"}
````
    From the directory you wish to be the mirror root, run one of the following commands.

  a) If the AWS S3 bucket you wish to mirror the directory tree to does not already exist:
````
awsMirror create yourAccountName bucketName
````

  b) If the AWS S3 bucket already exists:
````
awsMirror link yourAccountName bucketName
````

 3. Sync the directory with the AWS S3 bucket:
````
awsMirror sync
````

Commit message:

Updated docs to mention my modified version of xsbt-start-script-plugin

README.md, after:

# Update AWS S3 content from local directory tree #

## Use Case ##
 1. Not using source control.
 2. Storing content on AWS S3 (CDN).
 3. AWS S3 serves a static web site from the content.

## Notes ##
AWS translates paths in the root directory; files in the root implicitly have keys that start with a leading slash.
This program stores each file name (referred to by AWS as a key) with a leading slash, and AWS S3 removes the leading
slash so you get a normal path name.
For example, assuming that the default file name is `index.html`,
`http://domain.com` and `http://domain.com/` are translated to `http://domain.com/index.html`.

For example, the key for a file in a directory called `/blah/ick/yuck.html` would be translated to `blah/ick/yuck.html`.

For each directory, AWS creates a file of the same name, with the suffix `_$folder$`.
If one of those files are deleted, the associated directory becomes unreachable.
These hidden files are ignored by this program; users never see them because they are for AWS S3 internal use only.

## To Build ##

 1. This program requires Java 7 or later.
 1. Either point `JAVA_HOME` to a Java 7 JDK, or point `JAVA7_HOME` to that directory.
 1. Type the following into a bash console:
````
git clone git@github.com:mslinn/awsMirror.git
cd awsMirror
sbt compile start-script
````

 1. Add `awsMirror` and `awsMirror/target` to the `PATH`.

 1. See [my suggestion](https://github.com/typesafehub/xsbt-start-script-plugin/issues/17) on how to improve the generated script.
 If you install my modified version of `xsbt-start-script-plugin` then you should be able to run the script from any directory. To do that:
````
git clone https://github.com/mslinn/xsbt-start-script-plugin/`
sbt compile publish-local
````

## To Run ##

````
target/start subcommandsGoHere
````

The help message shows all the subcommands:

````
Usage: aws <action>
  Where <action> is one of:
    auth                  provide authentication for an additional AWS account
                          delete - accountName delete authentication for specified AWS account name
                          list   - list authentications
                          modify - accountName modify authentication for specified AWS account name
    create [bucketName]   create specified bucket, or bucket specified in relevent .s3 file
    delete [bucketName]   delete specified bucket, or bucket specified in relevent .s3 file
    download              download directory tree from bucket specified in relevent .s3 file
    empty [bucketName]    empty specified bucket, or bucket specified in relevent .s3 file
    help                  print this message and exit
    link [accountName bucketName]
                          If accountName and bucketName are not specified, display contents of .s3 file in current directory or a parent directory.
                          Otherwise create or modify .s3 file in current directory by setting accountName and bucketName
    sync                  sync directory tree to specified bucket
    upload                upload directory tree to bucket specified in relevent .s3 file
````

The `upload` and `sync` commands continue uploading changed files until you press Control-C or Command-C
(works on Linux, Windows and Mac).

### Run Sequence ###

 1. You first need to run the program with the `auth` option so it can create a file in your home directory called `.aws` to
hold your AWS access key and your AWS secret key for the AWS account you specify.
You can store multiple authentications for each of the AWS accounts that you work with.
````
awsMirror auth yourAccountName
````
The contents of the `.aws` file are in JSON format, and look something like this:
````
[{"awsAccountName":"memyselfi",
  "accessKey":"BLAHBLAH",
  "secretKey":"BLAHBLAHBLAHBLAHBLAHBLAH"}]
````
You can add more AWS accounts by running the same command again.

 2. Designate a directory to be the root of a directory tree that you want mirrored to AWS S3.
    Both of the following steps creates or modifies a file called `.s3` in the current directory.
    The `.s3` file defines the root of a source directory tree, and stores the account and bucket that the source directory
    tree is associated with. It also stores the timestamp of the last sync. Its format is JSON.
    The file looks something like this:
````
{"accountName":"memyselfi","bucketName":"test789"}
````
    From the directory you wish to be the mirror root, run one of the following commands.

  a) If the AWS S3 bucket you wish to mirror the directory tree to does not already exist:
````
awsMirror create yourAccountName bucketName
````

  b) If the AWS S3 bucket already exists:
````
awsMirror link yourAccountName bucketName
````

 3. Sync the directory with the AWS S3 bucket:
````
awsMirror sync
````
